# Data_General_4047_Logic_Interface
FPGA implementation of the Data General 4047 Logic Interface Board
<p>This is the beginning of a project to create an FPGA version of the Data General 4047 Logic Interface board inside the 4047 Disk Cartridge Adapter.
<p>I was motivated to complete this project because I had a 4047 Disk Controller and 4047 Disk Cartridge Adapter chassis, but was missing the Logic Interface Board. While developing the FPGA implementation I was fortunate to find an authentic 4047 Logic Interface board. As a result of this lucky find, I deprioritized the development of the Logic Interface Board.
<p>Models for all of the ICs were created except for the Fairchild 9602 one-shot and Fairchild F9328 dual 8-bit shift register. The combinatorial logic devices are trivial. However, any device that has internal latches or flip flops is built using a synchronous-asynchronous technique where a high-speed synchronous clock is used to facilitate clock edge detection, latch enables, and asynchronous preset and clear functions. This makes the design more predictable and easier to synthesize into an FPGA architecture that uses a common synchronous clock.
<p>For each IC that is implemented there is a single Verilog code module and a test bench to perform a behavioral simulation of the Verilog code of the IC.
<p>The plan is to create a top-level netlist based on the Data General board schematic and create Verilog code from that netlist to connect all of the Verilog model instances of the ICs. The low-level 9602 and F9328 models need to be completed first.
<p>The project is being released in this unfinished form in case it is helpful to anyone else who might be in a similar situation of having most of the components of the Disk subsystem except for the 4047 Logic Interface board.
